a hard morning calls for a soft drink of
news with Jim and Tracy brought to you
by 7up 10 great taste only 10 calories
get both with today now later in the
hour Jim found a bag of meat on the side
of the road and is going to let you the
viewers decide what to do with it I
can't wait but first it's time for get
both a segment where we hear inspiring
everyday stories about getting all the
things you want out of life
get both is brought to you by 7up 10
great taste only 10 calories get both
now a lot of little girls do ballet even
though their fathers couldn't care less
and don't see what the big deal is oh I
know that story all too well but one
talented little prodigy actually
choreographed a whole ballet that her
father could enjoy and even look forward
to can you believe Matt let's meet Erin
Kemper and her father Jack hi thanks for
having us so Jack you're actually able
to spend quality time with your daughter
despite how aggravating you find her
interests I guess you could say I'm a
ballet buff Erin how did you do that I
thought about all the things that my dad
likes to watch and put it into a ballet
it's called hope you like this let's
take a look how many times do I have to
kill you Jason Bourne if you's gonna die
Bradford work
[Music]
then you go work on the bass Wow who
knew ballet could be so exciting I don't
know where she gets it
after the fight scene there was a dance
number called everyone get in their car
and then there was a scene with all the
characters yelling at the newspaper and
then there were 20 minutes of peace and
quiet cuz I know that's very important
ha ha it sure is what inspired you to
create this amazing ballet I'm really
inspired by the theme of my dad paying
any attention to me all now at the end I
hear she just put the game up on the big
screen I don't know where she gets it so
you're saying that this ballet has all
the great taste of 7up and only 10
calories no it's not what I
oh I'm sorry I think gin was confusing
it with another great product
uh oh so I was well we have a special
treat for you today because Aaron is now
going to perform her new ballet when I
pay the bills I get to make the rules
can you tell us something about the show
Aaron yeah it's an adaptation of Swan
Lake with a subplot of hanging your
holed up in the closet instead of
throwing it on couch because when you
throw it on the couch everyone gets
upset uh uh well I'm hooked here she is
Aaron Kipner we can't afford that World
War two I miss your mother too but we're
gonna have to do the best without her
Oh Redskins Bravo well done boy I wish
you were mine you know my two girls are
growing up but you still couldn't pay me
to watch one of their a cappella shows
ha ha so Jack would you say that your
daughter helped you get both I guess so
could you you're legally required to
save that my daughter helped me get both
seven up 10 great taste only 10 calories
get both perfect up next eating pine
cones is crazy and one man with
schizophrenia is proving that right